pre-route plugin docs (#841)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/plugins/restified-endpoints/index.mdx

---
title: RESTified Endpoints Plugin
sidebar_position: 1
description: "Learn more about the RESTified Endpoints Plugin for Hasura DDN."
keywords:
  - hasura plugins
  - plugins
  - engine plugins
  - custom execution
  - custom endpoints
  - custom handlers
  - restified endpoints
  - restified graphql
---

# RESTified Endpoints Plugin

The [RESTified Endpoints Plugin](https://github.com/hasura/engine-plugin-restified-endpoint) allows you to add RESTified

> GraphQL endpoints to DDN. This can be used to add custom REST endpoints to DDN that would execute specified GraphQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL endpoints to DDN. This can be used to add custom REST endpoints to DDN that will execute a specified GraphQL
```

query on the DDN GraphQL API and return the response.

> The plugin integrates with Hasura DDN as a **pre-route plugin** and can be deployed as an HTTP service using tools like

Reviewer: Checking that this can't be hosted on DDN itself?

Author: No, this needs to be deployed by the user. We are not going to manage the deployments.
